			---- PJAText2 ----
DESCRIPTION
	An application launched from the command line which, based on
    passed flags, returns the text containing the compliant ones
    information.

FLAGS
	NAME
		-f, --file
	SYNOPSIS
		-f [file path]
	DESCRIPTION
		Calling this flag causes loading data from the given file
            source. These data will be the basis for the operation of other flags.
	OPTIONS
	    -n, --newlines
                Displays the number of lines from the input file.
            -d, --digits
                Displays the number of digits from the input file.
            -dd, --numbers
                Displays the number of numbers from the input file.
                As a number, we define any word that we can holistically
                interpreted as a real number.
            -c, --chars
                Displays the number of characters from the input file.
            -w, --words
                Displays the number of words from the input file.
                We define any sequence of non-white characters as a word.
                We also take numbers as words.
            -s, --sorted
                Displays all words from the input file
                in alphabetical order.
            -rs, --reverse-sorted
                Lists all the words in the input file in order
                reverse to alphabetical.
            -l, --by-length
                Modifies the behavior of the first flag that follows
                -s or -rs. After using the -l flag, the word order will be
                defined by their length.
            -a [words ...], --anagrams [words ...]
                Displays all anagrams of the words after the flag that
                appear in the input file. It should be the last one given
                flag. The number of words is unlimited, also 0.
            -p [words ...], --palindromes [words ...]
                It displays all of the words following the flag that are
                palindromes and appear in the input file. It should be
                last flag given. The number of words is unlimited, also 0.
            -o [file path], --output [file path]
                The result of the program operation will be returned instead of
                on the console to the file with the path specified after the flag.
	
	NAME
			-i, --input
	SYNOPSIS
			-i [file path]
	DESCRIPTION
			When this flag is called, subsequent instructions are loaded
            from a file with the path specified after the flag. This flag should
            be the only one specified when starting the application
			
	NAME
			-m, --merge
	SYNOPSIS
			-f [file path] -m [file paths]
	DESCRIPTION
			When this flag is triggered, the files which paths are specified after
			the -m flag will be merged with the file specified after the -f flag.
			The presence of the -f flag is mandatory.

            The -m flag should appear immediately after the -f flag.
    WARNING
            Using this flag change the contents of the input file.
